margaret I BOUGH TWO CHRISTMAS WREATHS TO DECORATE AND PUT ON THE OUTSIDE DOORS OF MY HOME. WHEN THEY ARRIVED THEY WERE QUITE COMPACT SO I TOOK THE TIME TO SPREAD THE BRANCHES OUT. I WAS PLEASANTLY SURPRISED HOW BIT THEY WERE WHEN FULLY OPENED UP. I AM NOW IN THE PROCESS OF DECORATING THEM WITH ITEMS I ALSO PURCHASED FROM WALMART. AS I SAID THEY WILL BE DISPLAYED OUTSIDE. THANK YOU WALMART FOR ANOTHER GREAT VALUE. I LOVE SHOPPING AT WALMART.
Keeks For $3, this wreath looks realistic %26 is the perfect size. For the crafty people, it's fun for DIY's because you can make it whatever your heart desires. I had a crochet blanket project I was working on a while back and never finished it, so I took what I had and made a Christmas bow out of it. Also had a bell hanger from our family Christmas box %26 added it on there too. Tap into your imagination; use what you have around the house, get creative, make it simplistic or big %26 extravagant!! Merry Christmas to all of you, I hope you %26 your family have a beautiful holiday!!
cathy Very very nice. Look realistic. Just need to fan the stems out from having been packed, and voila! I am putting mine on my driveway gate each side this yr, with flocking, blush Christmas balls, and some flocked pine cones. I do the flocking with white paint from Walmart and it comes out beautifully along with their green garlands! Get lots of compliments! Great price, and they last …..love it!
Karen Price was the lowest on the internet for item that I wanted, The item was well made and easy to adjust to my standers. Thank You P.S. About the extra .20 cents that you charged me from my credit card?? This is the first time I have seen this, on all of my buying over the internet.
Patricia this is a very basic wreath but is nicely made and looks nice. we used it for several things including decorating with lights to hang on the front of a vehicle in parade. as well as did a few with simple decorations for the cemetery. very nice price and stood up to the weather
Jankatal I was expecting a very lean wreath and not as nice as this was. I bought this particular wreath to add items that I liked and fairy lights. I'm impressed with it! If your a DIY'er or just want a nice simple wreath, don't hesitate
Melanie We waited until the last minute to get a Christmas wreath for our front door . The closing distance between our front door and our screen door is tight . So we needed a non-puffy wreath without the decorations on it (Christmas balls,etc.) .This wreath was perfecto!!! You will need to fluff it out a bit , some of it's fillings will fall off , but you get what you paid for . My Husband decided that he will keep it on our door for the rest of the year !
Karin I make wreaths and sell them at Christmas time. These cheap looking wreaths dont measure up to the quality my clients deserve when purchasing an item from me. I will be returning them.
Adendyut The perfect wreath for crafting. Very easy to add embellishments too. You will not be disappointed. The perfect wreath for crafting. Very easy to add embellishments too. You will not be disappointed.
Kenya The item was a great price with free delivery! You can't beat that. It is a very plain thin wreath. It fit my needs and I am very satisfied. I decorated it and I think it turned out pretty great!
rebecca It is so much smaller than I thought it would be... I measure existing wreaths and measurement was 20 inches so was surprised when purchased wreaths were so different in size. Will return
Dora absolutely horrible 😔 Small not fluffy at all, was going to use it on my balcony i figured for the price if it got damaged it would be ok I wouldn't even put this in the cemetery 😔🪦
maureen When the wreath arrived it was compressed. I pulled each wire up, and within minutes, it looked really good. I put a line of battery operated lights on, and a bow. Now, it looks great, and I'm ready to hang it up. It was truly a great buy.
KimFromKansas This is a very nice wreath. It fluffed out very nicely to make it very comparable to some of the more expensive wreaths. It looks really good. Definitely worth the buy.
Jankatal I was expecting a very lean wreath and not as nice as this was. I bought this particular wreath to add items that I liked and fairy lights. I'm impressed with it! If your a DIY'er or just want a nice simple wreath, don't hesitate
Covington Arrives very flat. Needs a lot of fluffing. With that said, the wreath does look like the picture. I ordered 3. All were nice looking post fluffing but one was considerably fuller. Can't beat the price if you are ready to fluff!! Merry Christmas!
Kenya The item was a great price with free delivery! You can't beat that. It is a very plain thin wreath. It fit my needs and I am very satisfied. I decorated it and I think it turned out pretty great!
rebecca It is so much smaller than I thought it would be... I measure existing wreaths and measurement was 20 inches so was surprised when purchased wreaths were so different in size. Will return
Adendyut The perfect wreath for crafting. Very easy to add embellishments too. You will not be disappointed. The perfect wreath for crafting. Very easy to add embellishments too. You will not be disappointed.
Adriana Great Price for the size. I spruced them up with a bow, a couple of red bells, and a small latern. I purchased them for my fence in my yard. My yard looked really good with the 2 wreaths I purchased.
customer Great size wreath. Plain is what I wanted and was happy with this one. I decorated the way I wanted to . Cost was good. When you are doing more than one you have to watch your expenses. It was shipped and received when they said it would be.
laura These were just what I needed for the 14 windows on the front of my house. They are thin and lightweight which makes them easy to work with. They look nice on our house!
Jeff I ordered 30 of these wreaths. I recieved 1. A week later, the order was canceled by wal mart and I was never given a reason. Terrible. Now I wont have wreaths on the outside of my home for Christmas... Thanks Walmart
JollyShopper I purchased 28 to place on our fence along the road. Very inexpensive and look great. They've been up nearly a month, had multiple snows, and still look amazing.
Gus I canceled the order less than 30 minutes after making the order. I got a return email stating I couldn't cancel order due to the fact it was made the day before. I do too much business with Amazon to be lied to.
Gigi Awesome wreath - especially for the price. Used it on our fence, along with the 15" bows. It created a great look for less than $5 each wreath. Would definitely buy again.johnandliz0801 Each year I buy 5 real wreaths from the Boy Scouts to hang outside my windows. With the rising prices for almost everything, I decided to make my own bows and attach them to five of these wreaths. I didn't set the bar really high in terms of what I thought the quality would be. Since this was all about saving money I have to look at it from that perspective and not be overly critical. I did consider whether I should've gone with a wreath that was a little bit larger but again this came back to budget. My wreaths are hung outside, so time will tell whether they stand up to the elements. $15 for 5 wreaths versus $150 for 5 wreaths….I'll go with the first option this season. Adorned them with Red and black plaid bows I made myself for an addl $16. Fingers crossed they hold up through the Northeast Winter.
K These wreaths shed and are very thin. We put two wreaths together for a thicker better presentation
Kim Great quality for such a reasonable price. I can't wait to decorate my windows. I bought ten of them and each one is great.
Marti very full wreath. you can fluff the wires. great size for window and cost is great. I've had these in the past and they lasted fir years.
HEATHER Definitely doesn't look like the picture, nor does it seem to have the same material as the picture.
BoatPerson These will work perfectly for a base to start with. once i add my decorations and lights they will be beautiful.
Crystal I bought 8 of these. Added some red bows to the tops of them %26 hung them in the windows for Christmas. They're adorable!!!
Ok The artificial needles were all over .. they kept falling out just took one out ! Awful quality even though cheap.
Sharron Product does not look like the picture on the Website and the wreath is not 20 inches even after fluffing out the faux branches every misleading !!
BoatPerson These will work perfectly for a base to start with. once i add my decorations and lights they will be beautiful.
Ok Product does not look like the picture on the Website and the wreath is not 20 inches even after fluffing out the faux branches every misleading !!
Sharron Fluffs out to a really nice wreath. Easy to work with and a great price. The size is just as described.
Lynn Nice wreath for the price. They do shed but that is to be expected. Worked great for a wreath class that I tought.
Terena The artificial needles were all over .. they kept falling out just took one out ! Awful quality even though cheap.
VERONICA As others have said, wreaths need to be fluffed once they arrive. Otherwise, these are great and do the job.
Genevieve This wreath is just perfect. I made wonderful bows and I decorated it with the bows and small oraments.
Broken Cute little wreath, fluffs up nicely! Absolutely worth more than it costs! My niece loved decorating them.
Susan you get what you pay for :) definitely isn't as full as in the photo but with a little tlc and some decorations it's not terrible
HEATHER Definitely doesn't look like the picture, nor does it seem to have the same material as the picture.
Ck Worked great for holiday wreath for women's group. A tad wispy. Doable with ornaments. Turned out great.
lindsay Such a great wreath for the price! I fluffed it out and then decorated it. Have received so many compliments on it.
Robert Awful. Just awful. Looks completely fake and is annoying to even touch. Steer clear it's not even worth $3 bucks
marcia Just the right size for my inside doors , like them so much,but I need more. Price is great as well.
sunshine140f This wreath was a great deal. It's perfect to just add some trim of your liking. The size will fit in many places.
MsPhyllisc Great investment. I fluffed them out and added my decorations to them and I'm so pleased with them. I'm going to start early next year and give them out as gifts.
Samdi Bought six wreaths. They do not look very attractive at first. I fluffed each one. I bent each row of the wreath up. Wow, WHAT a difference. I glued round Xmas balls, and pine cones, They looked as good as the ones in stores that sell for $50 and up. I'm very happy with them.
Pat I love the size of the Christmas Wreaths! I can leave them Plain. I can dress them up. I added a SINGLE RED BOW at the bottom of a few. They were very sturdy, too! Every person that decorates for any Holiday, should invest in a few of them. I will add rabbits, eggs, grass, and a pink bow to a couple of my Wreaths for Easter. BEST OF ALL, THE PRICE ($3.48). I need one for The 4th of July, with flags! I forgot the other Holidays that's coming! SEE, we need all need to get more of these WREATHS!
Joey I ordered 8 wreaths to hang from my windows. However, I received only 7 of the 20” wreaths and 1 that is completely different in size and look. It's bigger and shiny, it doesn't match the others at all. It was strategically placed at the very bottom of the delivery bag, so when I received the order and checked some of the wreaths I didn't see it. I tried to order another one to match the 7 but they were sold out. I think they ran out of the 20” wreaths and gave me another kind, hoping that I wouldn't notice. So now I'm stuck with all these wreaths. I can't hang them up on my house because the difference is so noticeable. I do have to say that the 20” wreaths are very nice and exactly what I was looking for. Too bad I can't use them.Gardener Received this wreath as an online purchase. It looks nothing like the picture. Not 20 inches.Maybe 16 inches. Very skimpy. This is Grinch wreath. Save your money. Buy one from the dollar stores or buy a wreath form and some of the dollar store greenery. Pitiful decoration. I would give zero if I could.
Lydie Great quality for a great price. It fits over my outdoor garage lights perfectly! So Christmasy!!
mary i love it , it looks good on my door thanks.
customer Ordered a 20 inch and was given a 17 inch.
Valerie Definitely cheaply made, and they smashed it to get it into a shipping box. sorry i purchased it.
ST Terrible quality but the price reflected that.
Michelle Good quality for the price
Roostermama Great wreath, great price! Added a cute red bow %26 it looks beautiful hanging on my fireplace
Carol Awesome wreaths made very well
Scindia Splendid. Perfect for front door.
mary i love it , it looks good on my door thanks.
Monea This is big for 3 yes yes
Valerie Definitely cheaply made, and they smashed it to get it into a shipping box. sorry i purchased it.
ST Terrible quality but the price reflected that.
Debbie I was disappointed. It said they were 20" wreaths but they were 15" and that is stretching it.
din Amazing value and quality
customer Ordered a 20 inch and was given a 17 inch.
Jorge Fast delivery and better product
YUSHI It does not look like in the picture it was thin and tiny not fluffy at allCarol Put bows on it looks great.
Mary I fix up with blue ribbon and I make paper of balls on it.
Debra They are perfect size to decorate for any occasion I'm very pleased with them
Thomas Very nice Wreath for the price can't be best great job Walmart. ✌️
Jill Good quality for the price
carlos so cheap belongs at dollar tree.
Hannah This is like a low cost Temu garland
Debbie I was disappointed. It said they were 20" wreaths but they were 15" and that is stretching it.
Jorge Fast delivery and better product
din Amazing value and quality
Shelia Could be fuller I used this for outdoor on a blue truck it will work great.
Jennifer Good quality wreath. Will buy more!
lorraine It was exactly what I thought n I'll decorate it my way
Letitia I buy this for a cheap wreath for my front door
gina Perfect base for creating an extravagant piece. Priced perfectly.
Pamela These wreaths are fabulous giant in person look great
Jacky They look great with my holiday decor!
Jan Excellent quality and incredible price
Shelia to light in color and keeps falling apart when touch it
Jennifer Could be fuller I used this for outdoor on a blue truck it will work great.
Maria Good quality wreath. Will buy more!
Deborah Perfect base for creating an extravagant piece. Priced perfectly.
Sheila Beautiful Artificial Christmas Wreath, 20 inches to decorate it. It's worth the money.
Letitia fantastic for the price. worked perfectly for my window decorations
Julia the size is perfect and rasy to decorate
Susan Why does the website except my order when the very next day it's unavailable?
Scindia Splendid. Perfect for front door.
Yna Thick wreath for its price! Perfect for DIY projects like mine.
Diane Great value! Flexible to branch out. Perfect for crafting.
Taunya Excellent quality and great price!
Carol Its smaller than I thought but it is nice a full.
Jean you get what you pay for.
Marissa This wreath is basic but perfect for my use! And you absolutely cannot beat the price!!!
Stephanie Great product for the price
Roostermama Awesome wreaths made very well
Carol Put bows on it looks great.
Mary I fix up with blue ribbon and I make paper of balls on it.
amanda Branches are easy to work with and ring is sturdy.
Lydie Great quality for a great price. It fits over my outdoor garage lights perfectly! So Christmasy!!
Jenna It's very inexpensive and a pretty nice wreath.
Donna It's a product I use several of and hard to find in stores so having them on line is great
wanda Perfect, added xmas picks
Christina Package well. Arrived on time. I was surprised at how real and pretty this wreath is. Good product.
susan Really ok, not huge one fancy or extra full but very acceptable
Lorena Great quality! Great to make your own project
gina These wreaths are fabulous giant in person look great
Pamela size and fullness was a great value
Susan Why does the website except my order when the very next day it's unavailable?
Julia the size is perfect and rasy to decorate
Debra Good quality for the price
Thomas They are perfect size to decorate for any occasion I'm very pleased with them
